= ruby-launch-agent

A library to use launchd easily

== Synopsis

 require 'launch_agent'

 agent = LaunchAgent::Daemon.new('ruby', '/path/to/foo.rb', 'arg1', 'arg2')

 # load
 agent.load

 # unload
 agent.unload

== CLI

 % launchagent -h
 Usage:
   launchagent [--env=<env>] (--daemon | --interval <sec>) [--wdir=<dir>] [--stdout=<path>] [--stderr=<path>] (<argument>...)
   launchagent -h | --help

 Options:
   -h --help              Show this screen.
   -v --version           Show version information.
   -e --env=<env>         Additional environmental variables to be set before running the job. Can specify multiple value with comma. e.g. FOO=bar,BAR=baz
   -w --wdir=<dir>        Specify a directory to chdir(2) to before running the job
   -d --daemon            Load as daemon. If it is set, --interval option is ignored
   -i --interval=<sec>    Causes the job to be started every N seconds
   -o --stdout=<path>     Specify what file should be used for data being sent to stdout when using stdio(3)
   -r --stderr=<path>     Specify what file should be used for data being sent to stderr when using stdio(3)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 youpy. See LICENSE for details.
